I just want to introduce to you this Z
to talk prophecy this is a prophecy
about the UK play and what happened
during pole shift and to me
hold shift is actually closely linked in
with the Bible I'll just go straight to
it now listen to the six seals of
Revelation chapter six I looked when he
opened the sixth seal and behold there
was a great earthquake on the Sun became
black as sackcloth of hair and the moon
became like blood red on the stars of
the heavens fell to the earth as a fig
tree drops it's late figs
when it shaken by a mighty wind then the
sky receded us as a scroll when it is
rolled up and every mountain and island
is removed from its place so you see
this book and every mountain and island
is removed from its place it's it's
obviously when Paul happens all
crust of the earth will be turned winces
every up every mountain and every island
it's referring to volcanic volcanic
mountains are formed on fault lines
which are the ridges between the
different plates and obviously the same
thing with islands islands will be
formed from like Iceland and Japan and
other islands like that Hawaii they're
all volcanic islands which are formed
from the connection between the two
between the plates map and here you see
under kings of the earth and the great
and the rich man the commanders the
mighty man every slave and every free
man hid themselves in the rocks of the
mountains and said to the mountains and
rocks fall on us and hide us from the
face of him who sits on the throne and
from the wrath of the lamb for the great
day of their wrath has come that's what
they say
that's what the people say that running
for their caves so I just want to and
tell you it's a Zetas orb and what it
says about pole shift this heads in
England this will result in permanent
drop of 75 feet which is 22 metres
England however will not go completely
under the waves but in addition to the
stretch action to orinda during the
shift must be taken into account at
first children the Earth's rotation
stoppage the water surrounding England
they moved north towards the poles then
during the shift the waters will
dramatically drop as the Atlantic widens
here is where the danger lies as within
hours there will be a return of the
water
with uncontrollable sloshing and overall
drop in sea level will be apparent stay
on high ground for at least a day we
have stated that England on the UK in
general can anticipate a permanent drop
off 75 metres 20 2015 22 metres in
elevation
due to the pole shift this combined with
a 670 foot drop in elevation due to this
sea level rise within two years after
the shift puts any land under 7 750 feet
in today's elevation underwater the
islands of the UK are not large so our
advice is seek high ground at least a
hundred miles from from a coastline
until 100 feet above sea level
it must be altered for the uplay seek
the high mountains given the few miles
that must be troubled you in the last
weeks you should become on high ground
the height of the tidal waves
if 500 to 600 feet not the coastline on
200 feet hundred miles inland
then what would 50 miles inland visit
present we have advised for those that
would be affected by the European
tsunami and European tsunami
we estimate 200 to 300 feet in height
people that will be affected by the
European tsunami is obviously people in
the southwest of the UK live online a
minute
but this Zita talk here where it talks
about whole ship its vet it
well our Garten say that it's it is the
opening of the sixth seal this is the
event that's going to cause up this this
big event and when it says the
commander's run for their caves
what is referring to is these big
underground bunkers but they've made a
huge bunkers all over the United States
now I always thought you know why
wouldn't they actually make any in the
UK